---
title: Capital Advisors, Inc. - 2026/06/30
url: https://www.pipersandler.com/investment-banking-transactions/capital-advisors-inc-20260630
date: '2026-05-18'
author: Taylor.Jackson@psc.com
feed_url: https://pipersandler.com/rss.xml
---
Capital Advisors, Inc. - 2026/06/30 Taylor.Jackson… Mon, 05/18/2026 - 10:05 Capital Advisors, Inc. Capital Advisors has agreed to be acquired by Corient Wed, 05/13/2026 - 12:00 Financial Services Asset & Wealth Management Mergers & Acquisitions Sell-Side Financial Advisor Image Image Region Filter United States Currency Symbol Dollar Additional Details ( Full HTML ) Transaction Summary On May 13, 2026, Corient announced an agreement to acquire Capital Advisors, Inc. (Capital Advisors), with the transaction expected to close in Q2 2026. Upon closing, Capital Advisors' principals will become Corient partners. Press Release Capital Advisors, Inc. Capital Advisors is an employee-owned RIA headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma, managing $7.8B of AUM across the Oklahoma and Texas markets with a presence in six other states. The firm takes a team-based approach to delivering customized financial planning, investment management, and other wealth management solutions to families and institutions. Capital Advisors has been top-rated by Barron's, Forbes, and SmartAsset every year since 2022, and is led by Keith Goddard, Chief Executive Officer, and Andy Brown, President, with a staff of 47 financial professionals. Corient Founded in 2020 and headquartered in Miami, Florida, Corient is the largest and fastest-growing integrated wealth management firm in the U.S. The firm operates as a fiduciary, fee-only wealth management firm under a unique private partnership model, similar to those used by leading professional services firms. Corient combines the personal service, creativity, and objective advice of a boutique with the power of an exclusive network of experienced advisors, capabilities, and solutions. The firm has grown to include more than 250 partners and over 1,400 employees managing approximately $222B (as of March 31, 2026) on behalf of ultra-high- and high-net-worth individuals, families, and businesses across the U.S. and $470B globally.
